[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Greetings to all fellow practitioners. The old year has passed, and the new year
has officially begun. I respectfully wish
all fellow practitioners and their
families a new year filled with good health,
peace, and happiness in the power of the Three
Jewels. At this time, as heaven and earth intertwine, all
Vietnamese people should set aside
worries and anxieties, creating
joy and inspiration for themselves, hoping
that everything will be good in the new year. There are also fellow
practitioners who are
enthusiastically bringing joy to everyone.
Dear fellow practitioners, throughout the
past months, I and you have received the
teachings of our master and the great Sangha, and
have deeply absorbed the teachings of our
Venerable Master. We have learned to renew
ourselves every day, every hour, every moment.
This absorption of the teachings is manifested
in diligent good deeds,
causing the Golden Chrysanthemum Club to
grow and flourish. As spring arrives, countless flowers bloom. I
respectfully wish all fellow practitioners a new year filled with
even greater spiritual growth and diligence in all our duties, helping
everyone to discover  Cultivating the garden of the mind as
taught by the master, in accordance with the common vow
of the Golden Cup Club, practicing the Six
Harmonies, cultivating Bodhi Mind, protecting the
Three Jewels, spreading the Buddha's teachings
throughout the world, so that the spring garden
of each of us always displays its beauty. We invite our esteemed fellow
practitioners to receive
the sacred words and intentions of the Buddha in this
new spring. The fragrance of
flowers does not fly against the wind, but the
fragrance of virtuous people flies
against the wind, spreading everywhere. Only true
sages can spread throughout all directions. We wish our esteemed fellow
practitioners and their families a joyful and
peaceful spring. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]
Oh